This is called the Eight Treasures Glazed Bottle.
Almost a thousand years of history
A national treasure
Its value cannot be measured by money
But in your eyes, it's worthless junk
Hmph, that's ridiculous and sad
Xiao Wuji
At least Feng Qingcheng is thinking of you
I didn't expect you not only didn't appreciate it
He even made provocative remarks
Okay, in that case
That's nothing to say
I'd like to see what's in your bottle
What is it?
Xiao Wuji, this is your matchless aging
This wine looks very viscous
Turbid
It is estimated that it is the wine of tens of dollars
You fool us with stuff that dogs don't drink
Do you really think we don't know the goods?
I see you just took a bottle of fake wine
Are you deliberately deceiving us?
This is what Peerless Aging looks like.
It's you who are shallow
I have never seen such beauty
Okay, okay, okay, we're ignorant.
But we are not blind
This broken wine you brought
Put it together with what Kuqing brought
You can tell who is real at a glance
Who is fake
If you don't drink it, you can make a conclusion.
Let's try people like you
True or false can only be judged by appearance